128344-106002-GROWI.cloud における二要素認証について help に記載 (#416)
weseek/growi-docs: docs/en/cloud/cloud-mfa-login.md

# Two-factor Authentication for GROWI.cloud

## Two-factor authentication when logging in to GROWI.cloud

>   Our service does not provide two-factor authentication log in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Our service does not provide two-factor authentication login feature.
```
ログイン自体を提供していないわけではなく、機能を提供してないから。

Reviewer 2: naruhodo

>   However, you can log in to GROWI.cloud using an external service account that allows you to set up two-factor authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  However, using an external service account(Google, GitHub account) enables two-factor authentication login.
```
なんか長いし、具体的なサービス名は削らなくてもよいのでは、という気が。

Reviewer 2: そうですね、、

>   By registering for our service using an external service account that has two-factor authentication configured,
>   it is the same as using two-factor authentication to log in to GROWI.cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By registering an external service account with two-factor authentication already enabled,
  you can log in to GROWI.cloud using two-factor authentication.
```
「見なす」という言い回し、必要かねぇ？

Reviewer 2: たしかに？

> ### Help page regarding two-factor authentication for each service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How to set up an external account to enable two-factor authentication
```
英文では、`How to` の方がよく見る表現かなぁ。

Reviewer 2: そうですね、
